## MapsProject (rEITTIsufleri)
This is my first ever Android application I made. The idea of the project is to help joggers to find more routes that suit their deeds. The route is randomly generated by the number input (kilometers) a user gives to the application. The name is an inside joke.

This project was never published to public and it's still in WIP. This project was set to halt after my struggle with libraries and API's. Basic functionality works but two way route is too inaccurate.

## How to use
1. Go to settings or to generate.
2. In settings, you can change the range flaw from 0.2km - 10.0km. You can't have bigger rangeflaw than your route. You can change the input from automatic to manual location input (WIP).
3. In generate, you give the input a number (kilometers) and press one way or two way. Two is more inaccurate (WIP). If the search continues for more than 10 seconds, press cancel. Cancel function is problematic due to thread issues. Sometimes it doesn't work and the application should be closed if the GIF doesn't dissapear. 

## Anecdote
I made the application without any prior mobile developement knowledge. I used minimal amount of libraries and coded mostly everything myself with my prior knowledge of coding. I partly took this course because I struggled with the API's of Google. Im now beginning to understand that working with mobile applications is more reading and working in harmony with multiple librarys and API's than coding. In my opinion, programming has less important role than designing and implementing in Android developement.
